whew
I met you
sometimes you get your own setting
beaten path we'll do a little unorthodox
way look at that I'm Gangnam gaining on
them got him got him pulled away
it's going to be wary of this freaking
turn every time i take this turn it goes
bad but i don't know how to break it's
pedal to the metal here we go he's
pulling away I was pressing the right
button no time for breaking now you're
gonna break his windshield oh he lost it
I'm just pushing up on both analog
sticks I don't know what you would think
if we go fast let's go twisted metal
time get back at me up I figures are
gonna slap me facebook group victory
Dina never one family think that the
convey replay ok everybody did ya do
that I did that that's pretty cool what
he's gonna play DS hinge gentlemen that
was an epic photo finish I absolutely
love getting back into my favorite
childhood genre of video games which is
racing games cuz there have been so many
awesome ones that have been coming out
lately and this video is brought to you
by gran turismo 6 and the nissan GT
academy which the demo is available
right now on the PlayStation Network go
download it because there
and epic competition hopefully a few of
my goats can represent and if anyone
does make it to one of the 31 final
spots I'll hook you up with a goat
t-shirt and it'll be sweet so Oh
everybody entered this competition
because if you're one of the 31
finalists basically you're going to go
to the you got to download the demo you
got to compete in the Nissan GT Academy
which is an online time trial
competition for the Gran Turismo 6 demo
it's a part of the demo and if you know
if you rank high on it top 31 finalists
compete in New York and the top
finalists out of that group gets flown
to the UK to film a show that's going to
be on spike TV so it's an awesome
opportunity hopefully a bunch of my
goats make it and i'll hook you guys up
with some goat t-shirts so you guys
could represent so good luck if you're
interested and I will see you guys